what's going on guys mr. Mercer here and
today i got an epic base jump video for
you guys it's a minecraft and it's more
than thousand bucks high and i did this
with the dynamic hyatt smart and the
smart moving mod I we'll both put those
links in the description and yeah it's a
really cool because you can get up to
2084 blocks high which if you do that
the map will take ages to render and the
lag spikes will be horrible but it's
pretty fun so let's dive down I hope I
don't feel well not because I failing
the whole time and as you can see
there's a lot of lag but let's hope it
will work yeah it does
oh yeah that's video edit dad
what do you think Abdul can give me a
number crunch real quick uh yeah give me
a sec I'm comin up with 30 2.33
repeating of course percentage of
survival that's a lot better and we
usually do I comes already guys oh my
god he just ran in David punji stick it
clean oh Jesus let's go so stick the
bleep wedge Jones stick to the plane oh
gee oh so it was all for the video I'll
if this gets some futile and booted
available for download and let's just
see um look at that map people well
still next time